IIT P First One Month Experience
I reached IIT on 4th August which was our registration date. At first glance, IIT P did not look me as a college. It looked like some random working place with very large campus. I was also not much excited about IIT P;I do not know why(I am not excited now also). My parents seemed to be more excited than me.
Registration day was very hectic, I have not taken breakfast as well as lunch but I was happy that finally I got into IIT after two years of JEE journey. Since campus was not known to us, we were very confused where to go. It was a senior who helped us a lot in registration time.
After registration, we were alloted hostel room (it took more time and energy than registration). And then, there was vulgur words written on my door(luckily my parents didn't read it, but others parents' did read it and scolded me later on, yeah I was scolded due to seniors great work; but I have not erased it till now) 
We were also very confused for our first lecture.'where to go for lecture? ,what is tutorial? ,what is group number and how to know about it?, Is group number same for each coarse?, where is Tutorial block?, What is the timing?', these were some of the questions which arised to us, we were trying to solve these questions and all questions were cleared by her(school friend), and I was supposed to help her.
After that our lecture and lab started which was very fast pace for me, I could not cope up with it. Specially, Physics and Electrical lab was hard and fearful for me. Since, I had forgot almost everything I had study in school, it was difficult to understand the intructor but thank to my friends and internet, I revised almost everything.
As the trend goes, as a fresher my job is to discover and experience new field, I joined the Exhausia for Dance practice for Nebula (our senior was very supportive) but I can not perform well as newbie and I resigned from participating in Nebula so dance is not gona my field. After it, I had only joined Njack.
Then came the Nebula, I and my friends went together and it was very good experience (DJ was awsome) and some songs and Dance was very good. As I am not too much interactive, I could not make any new friend in Nebula.
I thought that there would be much to eat but sadly there was nothing much. Finally it was a good experience for me, it was the moment when I felt that I am in IIT.




